Looks like we have a new tobe
open-source Quen model. And I got to
say, they did an amazing job with this
release. Allow me to introduce the Quen
3.6 Plus, a new Agentic coding model
with a 1 million context window. Focused
on becoming a highly capable Agentic AI
model for real world tasks. This model
brings stronger agentic coding, meaning
it can handle full project repo level
problems, terminal tasks, and automation
workflows while also improving
multimodal reasoning with a better
understanding of images, documents,
videos, and real world scenarios.
Overall, it's designed to be an
all-in-one agent model, combining
reasoning, memory, and tool use into a
single system. And coding wise, this
model is exceptional, and I'm definitely
adding it to my workflow since it excels
at sway task, debugging, automation, and
especially with long horizon planning
and tool use. The front-end capabilities
are also very strong. In certain cases,
even comparable to Opus, which you can
see in these demos. Now, I got to say
one thing though. When it comes to
coding with this model, it can be kind
of sluggish when it comes to generating
long projects as well as working on
generating lengthy code cuz this is a
model that reasons for a while to get
the output that you're looking for where
it could be quite slow in certain cases.
Benchmark-wise, it's competing at a very
high level, either surpassing or coming
very close to models like Kim K 2.5,
Plaude Opus 4.5 and even Gemini 3 Pro
cross major benchmarks like Su Bench and
Terminal Bench where it actually
outperforms other models along with MMU
and other benchmarks. An advanced
multimodal reasoning 3.6 6 Plus shows
some real progress delivering
breakthroughs in complex document
understanding, visual analysis, video
reasoning, and visual coding while also
improving real world capabilities on
almost all these benchmarks. If you use
your phone to message, email, or write
every day, your limiting factor isn't
what you want to say, it's how fast you
can get it out. Most people end up
typing a short or rushed message. They
leave out context, nuance, or full
thoughts, not because they don't have
them, but because typing slows
everything down. That's where Whisper
Flow on Android comes in, which is
today's video sponsor. It's a voice
first productivity tool that floats over
any app, WhatsApp, Slack, Gmail, Chat
GBT, anywhere you normally type, speak
naturally, filter words and all. and
flow basically turns it into clean
polished text automatically. Millions of
users worldwide rely on it including
teams at open AI versel and clay with
over 100 plus languages supported and
recently they are making it free and
unlimited on Android with launch. It's
faster, easier and more flexible than
typing. Speak naturally, send without
fixing and get your ideas across
effortlessly. So, use the link in the
description below to download Whisper
Flow on Android or any operating system
that you want. Start talking, start
standing, and no keyboard required. It
delivers strong performance in more
complex projects like 3D scenes, even
games, while still maintaining high
quality and web design. And like I'd
stated, the front-end capability of this
model is quite comparable to something
like the Opus. Here, it had created a
firstperson perspective flight HTML
game. And this is something that is
quite impressive as most models tend to
fail at this task. The visual agents do
exceptionally well with reasoning and
depicting different sorts of things
within an image and it's able to
essentially scrape every content from
it. Not just that, it does quite well
with visual coding where it can even
create different sorts of pages,
powerpoints and spreadsheets. You can
even interact with Excel and does quite
well with the gentic task, visual
understanding, anything you name it.
This model is a great all-in-one model.
Now, in regards to pricing, it is priced
at 50 cents per 1 million input tokens
and $3 per 1 million output tokens,
which is honestly pretty reasonable for
what you're getting in terms of the
quality, especially considering the
level of Aentic coding as well as its
multimodal capabilities. And on top of
that, there are going to be smaller
open- source versions of this model that
are expected to drop later this week,
which makes this even more interesting.
Get started with this model. You have a
lot of different options. You can use
their chatbot for free where you can
experiment with this model. Use their
API. Open router also provides that free
API as well as Kilo code. So I would
highly recommend that you would actually
use these different methods to get
started with this model. Kilo code also
provides a free API that lets you use it
completely for free through their AI
agent which is open source. So I highly
recommend that you do so. To start off,
we're going to be using the Kilo CLI to
create a browserbased OS that clones Mac
OS. It's going to add many apps and
features and you can see that I'm using
the free model right now within the CLI
and this is going to be able to use that
free model to generate anything within
the CLI. It's aic and it has a lot of
different capabilities to get the best
out of your model which is why I'm using
the Kilo CLI for these tests. We are
starting off with the bang. This is
something that I didn't really expect
the Quinn 3.6 to generate and I got to
say this is one of the best generations
I've gotten from any model. This is
where it did a great job in replicating
the Mac OS browserbased OS. And you can
see that there's multiple functions. You
have the Finder app that has been coded
out. You have the ability to open up
different apps, which is incredible. And
the SVG icon of all of these different
apps is truly amazing. We have a Finder
app, we have a Safari, you have a
messaging app, which is great because it
mimics exactly like how all of the apps
on Mac OS look like. You have a mail
app, you have a photos app, which is
truly incredible. I can actually click
on the photos. You also have a music
app. This is something that might not
look really the best, but still the fact
that it's able to generate all these
components is great. Calendar, the
terminal, you have the calculator. You
even have a system settings app where
you have the ability to change the
actual light or dark theme appearance of
our application or our browser OS. You
have the ability to change the
appearance as well. These are things
that I haven't seen any model actually
generate, which is incredible. You can
even change the display. You have the
ability to actually tweak all of these
settings, which is incredible. I haven't
seen any model go in depth with certain
generations like this. And I personally
believe the reason why it's doing this
is because of the 1 million context
window that it's utilizing. And this
way, you can see the effort that is
being put into this generation from SVG
icons to functionality. It did a
remarkable job with this clone. This has
got to be the best F1 drift donut
simulation I've seen a model actually
generate. And this is the output of the
Quinn 3.6 Plus. We have the ability to
actually change the direction as well as
the RPM of our car. You also have the
ability to change camera angles and that
is something that I haven't seen
multiple models generate. You can reset
it as well. And this is what the Claude
Opus 4.6 had generated. Nothing. That is
just surprising. I got to say I am truly
impressed by this model's ability to
generate structured code in SVG
especially cuz it's able to translate it
into coherent visual output where I told
it to create a painting in SVG code. You
can see the gradient of the water based
off the moonlight and there's slight
animations. Obviously, it could be
improved a lot better, but this is still
crazy to see that this model is able to
output this type of quality. Here I was
comparing the Kim K 2.5 and the Quen 3.5
plus to create a butterfly in SG code.
Now if I have to actually showcase the
first animation, the butterfly was
actually broken. So I'll be honest, the
first generation wasn't as good as what
it is right now cuz the wings weren't
actually animated properly. Now it looks
like it fixed it and it actually did a
better job than what the Kim K 2.5 did
because you can see that this looks like
a butterfly which is definitely great
but it is not at the same sort of
quality as what the Quen 3.6 had
generated. Using the Kilo CLI I had
generated three different landing pages
and I want you to take a look at the
quality of front end that this model is
able to output. This is the first
landing page and I got to say everything
about it is perfect. the typography, the
different dynamic movements, a part of
it. It did a great job overall in
generating all the components except
this one part of the landing page. But
regardless, everything else looks pretty
great with this generation, especially
with the pricing. Here is the second
landing page that generated. You have
small animations, small attributes that
have been added to it. And I got to say,
this is a lot better than what I
personally saw with the first
generation. But there are clunky things
within the main page like this
generation over here. Whereas when I am
to prompt something like Gemini to
generate it, it does a better job with
it. This is the third landing page that
it had generated. And this might be my
favorite one cuz everything about it
looks perfect. There's no faulty
generations. Everything looks like it
has been generated perfectly in
comparison to the other two landing
pages. If you like this video and would
love to support the channel, you can
consider donating to my channel through
the super thanks option below. Or you
can consider joining our private Discord
where you can access multiple
subscriptions to different AI tools for
free on a monthly basis plus daily AI
news and exclusive content plus a lot
more. Here is another reason why this
model is great at front end. I had told
it to create a Tik Tok clone for mobile
and you can see that the Quinn 3.6 had
done a great job in all the components.
You have almost everything that looks
exactly like what Tik Tok does. You have
the ability to like the actual Tik Tok.
You have the ability to scroll and
overall it did a great job with the
functionality of it as well. This model
excels at video understanding. It has a
capability to actually transform large
videos into lectures for example or the
capability of even video editing where
you can simply provide a 29minute video
and it's capable of essentially creating
a full-on edit that is condensed into 23
seconds which is just insane. It's also
able to help you with visual
understanding like the computer use
agent which can essentially practically
automate any computer-based task. I am
speechless with this cuz this is where
the Quinn 3.6 plus within their chatbot
it had created a slide deck and this is
what I mean by insane visual coding
capabilities where it's able to create
slide decks for you and it's kind of
really accurate to what Lord of the
Rings is. The logo is perfect and it did
a great job in generating a good rough
understanding of what the novel is.
talks about the story, talks about the
key locations, what had actually
happened, all of the different scenes
and locations as well. So, this is truly
incredible as to what it had generated.
So, this is something that you can
potentially use to create slide decks
for work, for recreational purposes, or
for even note-taking. If you want the
best AI tools, workflows, and drops
before everyone else, join my free
newsletter with the link in the
description below, which is completely
free. I am not kidding. This is what the
Quen 3.6 had generated. And this is
truly remarkable, guys, because this is
something that adds in all the
functionalities of a Minecraft clone.
The only thing that hasn't been
generated is the infinite terrain, which
is a feature that most models actually
generate. But the fact that there is
animations when you're breaking
different blocks is incredible. You also
have the ability to place different
blocks, which is nice. And there's
different textures as well. So that is
also great which mimics exactly what
Minecraft looks like. You also have the
ability to see that there is water.
Usually most generations don't generate
a functional texture for water in any
output. And this is something that I
didn't really expect. But the fact that
if you go into the water, it doesn't
look exactly like it, which is the only
downside. But if I to leave it, you can
see that there's different terrains. You
have the ability to break different
blocks, which is cool. And it actually
takes a while for me to break it. But
let's see if I can find if there's a
cave system cuz I did say in my prompt
to generate a cave system.
And guys, it actually generated a cave
system. It took me hours to get here,
but the fact that it generated ores,
even added lava, and what's funny is if
I even step in the lava, you can see my
health bar goes down, which is crazy.
But that is just incredible, guys. I
didn't really expect this type of
generation from this model. The fact
that it's able to add in all these
components without me even stating it is
truly incredible. So, this is definitely
going to be a model that I'm going to be
using, especially for front-end tasks,
as well as using its visual
capabilities, its multimodal
capabilities to generate various sorts
of plugins and applications to help me
improve my workflow. So, this is truly
something that I highly recommend that
you take a look at.
Overall, this is a serious step forward
for fully autonomous AI agents,
combining strong coding, reasoning, and
multimodal capabilities into one system
with this model. I highly recommend that
you take a look at it, especially with
its upcoming open-source variants. I am
really proud of what the Quinn team had
accomplished with this model, and this
is truly something that is affordable
and something that is worthwhile due to
its capabilities. So, I'll leave all the
links in the description below so that
you can easily get started. But with
that thought, guys, thank you guys so
much for watching. Make sure you go
ahead and subscribe to the second
channel, join the newsletter, join the
Discord, follow me on Twitter, and
lastly, make sure you guys subscribe,
turn on notification bell, like this
video, and please take a look at our
previous videos so that you can stay up
to date with the latest AI news. But
with that thought, guys, have an amazing
day. Spread positivity, and I'll see you
guys fairly shortly. He suffers.